docs: add CLI reference to docs (#1942)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/cli/generated/tracetest.md

> # CLI Referece

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# CLI Reference
```

> ## tracetest

Reviewer: Is there a way to make the generator name `tracetest` with the first letter in uppercase? (`Tracetest`)

Author: I couldn't find anything for that. This happens because this subtitle is the CLI command.

Reviewer: In that case we can keep it as it is for now

> tracetest CLI is a tool to interact with a tracetest server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI to configure, install and execute tests on Tracetest server
```

### Synopsis

> tracetest CLI is a tool to interact with a tracetest server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI to configure, install and execute tests on Tracetest server
```
